README.md, before:

# The Spice is Right

## Brief Application description:
The Spice Is Right is a recipe browser which allows users to upload, save, like, and browse user created recipes.
## Contributors:
- Charlie Wheeler
- Evan Curtis
- Nolan Hofle
- Yohan Choi
- Isabella Van Vliet
- Gwyn Keaty
## Technology Stack used for the project:
We utilized technology learned in class. HTML, CSS, JS, Node, Handlebars CSS, Postgresql, etc.
## Link to the deployed application:
https://the-spice-is-right-r85m.onrender.com

# How to run application (locally):

## Prerequisites to run the application:
Docker desktop is needed to run this application.

## Steps:
- cd into ProjectSourceCode
- Create .env file (not provided here for security reasons)
- run `docker compose up` or `docker compose up -d` to run in detached mode (Can't see console).
- Open `localhost:3000` in a browser.
- If ran in detached mode (-d), run `docker compose down` to stop server.
- If ran in the foreground, stop the server with ctrl+c.
- To restart the database, run `docker compose down -v`.

## Notes on testing:
- To run the tests, change the line `command: 'npm start'` in `docker-compose.yaml` to `command: 'npm run testandrun'`. The second line is commented out to make this easy.
- Before running a test, make sure to run `docker compose down -v`. This ensures that when the tests create a user, that username isn't already taken (from a previous test or by coincidence)

Commit message:

Added example .env to README for users to test locally

README.md, after:

# The Spice is Right

## Brief Application description:
The Spice Is Right is a recipe browser which allows users to upload, save, like, and browse user created recipes.
## Contributors:
- Charlie Wheeler
- Evan Curtis
- Nolan Hofle
- Yohan Choi
- Isabella Van Vliet
- Gwyn Keaty
## Technology Stack used for the project:
We utilized technology learned in class. HTML, CSS, JS, Node, Handlebars CSS, Postgresql, etc.
## Link to the deployed application:
https://the-spice-is-right-r85m.onrender.com

# How to run application (locally):

## Prerequisites to run the application:
Docker desktop is needed to run this application.

## Steps:
- cd into ProjectSourceCode
- Create .env file (not in repository for security reasons)
- Paste the following into the .env file:
<pre>POSTGRES_USER="user" <br>
POSTGRES_PASSWORD="pwd" <br>
POSTGRES_DB="users_db" <br>
POSTGRES_HOST="db" <br>
SESSION_SECRET="super duper secret!"</pre>
- run `docker compose up` or `docker compose up -d` to run in detached mode (Can't see console).
- Open `localhost:3000` in a browser.
- If ran in detached mode (-d), run `docker compose down` to stop server.
- If ran in the foreground, stop the server with ctrl+c.
- To restart the database, run `docker compose down -v`.

## Notes on testing:
- To run the tests, change the line `command: 'npm start'` in `docker-compose.yaml` to `command: 'npm run testandrun'`. The second line is commented out to make this easy.
- Before running a test, make sure to run `docker compose down -v`. This ensures that when the tests create a user, that username isn't already taken (from a previous test or by coincidence)
